# devcontainer.json reference

A `devcontainer.json` file in your project tells Visual Studio Code how to access (or create) a **development container** with a well-defined tool and runtime stack. This container can be used to run an application or to separate tools, libraries, or runtimes needed for working with a codebase. It can be used with the [Remote - Containers](https://aka.ms/vscode-remote/download/containers) extension or [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces).

[Set up a folder to run in a container](/docs/remote/create-dev-container.md#set-up-a-folder-to-run-in-a-container) has more information on configuring a dev container or use the **Remote-Containers: Add Development Container Configuration Files…** or **Codespaces: Add DevelopmentContainer Configuration Files…** commands from the Command Palette (`kbstyle(F1)`) to add a wide variety of base configurations from the [vscode-dev-containers repository](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-dev-containers/tree/main/containers).

## devcontainer.json properties

While some devcontainer.json properties apply generally, others are only used in specific scenarios. The following table will outline the properties that apply in each situation.

You may need different commands to be run at different points in the container’s lifecycle. The [lifecycle scripts](#lifecycle-scripts) section later in this doc describes how some of the below properties may shape the container over time.

<table style="width:98%;"><colgroup><col style="width: 34%" /><col style="width: 20%" /><col style="width: 44%" /></colgroup><thead><tr class="header"><th>Property</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr class="odd"><td><strong>Dockerfile or image</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>image</code></td><td>string</td><td><strong>Required</strong> when <a href="/docs/remote/create-dev-container.md#using-an-image-or-dockerfile">using an image</a>. The name of an image in a container registry (<a href="https://hub.docker.com">DockerHub</a>, <a href="https://docs.github.com/en/packages/guides/about-github-container-registry">GitHub Container Registry</a>, <a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/services/container-registry/">Azure Container Registry</a>) that VS Code should use to create the dev container.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>build.dockerfile</code> / <code>dockerFile</code></td><td>string</td><td><strong>Required</strong> when <a href="/docs/remote/create-dev-container.md#using-an-image-or-dockerfile">using a Dockerfile</a>. The location of a <a href="https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/">Dockerfile</a> that defines the contents of the container. The path is relative to the <code>devcontainer.json</code> file. You can find Dockerfiles for different runtimes in the <a href="https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-dev-containers/tree/main/containers">vscode-dev-containers repository</a>.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>build.context</code> / <code>context</code></td><td>string</td><td>Path that the Docker build should be run from relative to <code>devcontainer.json</code>. For example, a value of <code>".."</code> would allow you to reference content in sibling directories. Defaults to <code>"."</code>.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>build.args</code></td><td>Object</td><td>A set of name-value pairs containing <a href="https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/build/#set-build-time-variables---build-arg">Docker image build arguments</a> that should be passed when building a Dockerfile. Environment and <a href="#variables-in-devcontainerjson">pre-defined variables</a> may be referenced in the values. Defaults to not set. For example: <code>"build": { "args": { "MYARG": "MYVALUE", "MYARGFROMENVVAR": "${localEnv:VARIABLE_NAME}" } }</code></td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>build.target</code></td><td>string</td><td>A string that specifies a <a href="https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/build/#specifying-target-build-stage---target">Docker image build target</a> that should be passed when building a Dockerfile. Defaults to not set. For example: <code>"build": { "target": "development" }</code></td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>build.cacheFrom</code></td><td>string,<br />
array</td><td>A string or array of strings that specify one or more images to use as caches when building the image. Cached image identifiers are passed to the <code>docker build</code> command with <code>--cache-from</code>.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>appPort</code></td><td>integer,<br />
string,<br />
array</td><td>In most cases, we recommend using the new <a href="/docs/remote/containers.md#always-forwarding-a-port">forwardPorts property</a>. This property accepts a port or array of ports that should be <a href="/docs/remote/containers.md#publishing-a-port">published</a> locally when the container is running. Unlike <code>forwardPorts</code>, your application may need to listen on all interfaces (<code>0.0.0.0</code>) not just <code>localhost</code> for it to be available externally. Defaults to <code>[]</code>.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>containerEnv</code></td><td>object</td><td>A set of name-value pairs that sets or overrides environment variables for the container. Environment and <a href="#variables-in-devcontainerjson">pre-defined variables</a> may be referenced in the values. For example:<br />
<code>"containerEnv": { "MY_VARIABLE": "${localEnv:MY_VARIABLE}" }</code><br />
Requires the container be recreated / rebuilt to change.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>remoteEnv</code></td><td>object</td><td>A set of name-value pairs that sets or overrides environment variables for VS Code (or sub-processes like terminals) but not the container as a whole. Environment and <a href="#variables-in-devcontainerjson">pre-defined variables</a> may be referenced in the values. Be sure <strong>Terminal &gt; Integrated: Inherit Env</strong> is checked in settings or the variables will not appear in the terminal. For example:<br />
<code>"remoteEnv": { "PATH": "${containerEnv:PATH}:/some/other/path", "MY_VARIABLE": "${localEnv:MY_VARIABLE}" }</code><br />
Updates are applied when VS Code is restarted (or the window is reloaded).</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>containerUser</code></td><td>string</td><td>Overrides the user all operations run as inside the container. Defaults to either <code>root</code> or the last <code>USER</code> instruction in the related Dockerfile used to create the image.<br />
On Linux, the specified container user’s UID/GID will be updated to match the local user’s UID/GID to avoid permission problems with bind mounts (unless disabled using <code>updateRemoteUserUID</code>).<br />
Requires the container be recreated / rebuilt for updates to take effect.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>remoteUser</code></td><td>string</td><td>Overrides the user that VS Code runs as in the container (along with sub-processes like terminals, tasks, or debugging). Defaults to the <code>containerUser</code>.<br />
On Linux, the specified container user’s UID/GID will be updated to match the local user’s UID/GID to avoid permission problems with bind mounts (unless disabled using <code>updateRemoteUserUID</code>).<br />
Updates are applied when VS Code is restarted (or the window is reloaded), but UID/GID updates are only applied when the container is created and requires a rebuild to change.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>updateRemoteUserUID</code></td><td>boolean</td><td>On Linux, if <code>containerUser</code> or <code>remoteUser</code> is specified, the container user’s UID/GID will be updated to match the local user’s UID/GID to avoid permission problems with bind mounts. Defaults to <code>true</code>.<br />
Requires the container be recreated / rebuilt for updates to take effect.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>mounts</code></td><td>array</td><td>An array of additional mount points to add to the container when created. Each value is a string that accepts the same values as the <a href="https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#add-bind-mounts-or-volumes-using-the---mount-flag">Docker CLI <code>--mount</code> flag</a>. Environment and <a href="#variables-in-devcontainerjson">pre-defined variables</a> may be referenced in the value. For example:<br />
<code>"mounts": ["source=${localWorkspaceFolder}/app-scripts,target=/usr/local/share/app-scripts,type=bind,consistency=cached"]</code><br />
<br />
⚠️ Codespaces ignores “bind” mounts with the exception of the Docker socket.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>workspaceMount</code></td><td>string</td><td>Overrides the default local mount point for the workspace when the container is created. Supports the same values as the <a href="https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#add-bind-mounts-or-volumes-using-the---mount-flag">Docker CLI <code>--mount</code> flag</a>. Primarily useful for <a href="/docs/remote/containers-advanced.md#developing-inside-a-container-on-a-remote-docker-host">configuring remote containers</a> or <a href="/docs/remote/containers-advanced.md#improving-container-disk-performance">improving disk performance</a>. Environment and <a href="#variables-in-devcontainerjson">pre-defined variables</a> may be referenced in the value. For example:<br />
<code>"workspaceMount": "source=${localWorkspaceFolder}/sub-folder,target=/workspace,type=bind,consistency=cached"</code><br />
<br />
⚠️ Not yet supported in Codespaces or when using Clone Repository in Container Volume.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>workspaceFolder</code></td><td>string</td><td>Sets the default path that VS Code should open when connecting to the container. Typically used with <code>workspaceMount</code>. Defaults to the automatic source code mount location.<br />
<br />
⚠️ Only supported for Docker Compose in Codespaces and when using Clone Repository in Container Volume.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>runArgs</code></td><td>array</td><td>An array of <a href="https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/">Docker CLI arguments</a> that should be used when running the container. Defaults to <code>[]</code>. For example, this allows ptrace based debuggers like C++ to work in the container:<br />
<code>"runArgs": [ "--cap-add=SYS_PTRACE", "--security-opt", "seccomp=unconfined" ]</code> .</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>overrideCommand</code></td><td>boolean</td><td>Tells VS Code whether it should run <code>/bin/sh -c "while sleep 1000; do :; done"</code> when starting the container instead of the container’s default command. Defaults to <code>true</code> since the container can shut down if the default command fails. Set to <code>false</code> if the default command must run for the container to function properly.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>shutdownAction</code></td><td>enum</td><td>Indicates whether VS Code should stop the container when the VS Code window is closed / shut down.<br />
Values are <code>none</code> and <code>stopContainer</code> (default).<br />
<br />
⚠️ Does not apply to Codespaces.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><strong>Docker Compose</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>dockerComposeFile</code></td><td>string,<br />
array</td><td><strong>Required.</strong> Path or an ordered list of paths to Docker Compose files relative to the <code>devcontainer.json</code> file. Using an array is useful <a href="/docs/remote/create-dev-container.md#extend-your-docker-compose-file-for-development">when extending your Docker Compose configuration</a>. The order of the array matters since the contents of later files can override values set in previous ones.<br />
The default <code>.env</code> file is picked up from the root of the project, but you can use <code>env_file</code> in your Docker Compose file to specify an alternate location.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>service</code></td><td>string</td><td><strong>Required.</strong> The name of the service VS Code should connect to once running.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>runServices</code></td><td>array</td><td>An array of services in your Docker Compose configuration that should be started by VS Code. These will also be stopped when you disconnect unless <code>"shutdownAction"</code> is <code>"none"</code>. Defaults to all services.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>workspaceFolder</code></td><td>string</td><td>Sets the default path that VS Code should open when connecting to the container (which is often the path to a volume mount where the source code can be found in the container). Defaults to <code>"/"</code>.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>remoteEnv</code></td><td>object</td><td>A set of name-value pairs that sets or overrides environment variables for VS Code (or sub-processes like terminals) but not the container as a whole. Environment and <a href="#variables-in-devcontainerjson">pre-defined variables</a> may be referenced in the values. Be sure <strong>Terminal &gt; Integrated: Inherit Env</strong> is checked in settings or the variables will not appear in the terminal. For example:<br />
<code>"remoteEnv": { "PATH": "${containerEnv:PATH}:/some/other/path", "MY_VARIABLE": "${localEnv:MY_VARIABLE}" }</code><br />
Updates are applied when VS Code is restarted (or the window is reloaded)</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>remoteUser</code></td><td>string</td><td>Overrides the user that VS Code runs as in the container (along with sub-processes like terminals, tasks, or debugging). Does not change the user the container as a whole runs as (which can be <a href="https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/#domainname-hostname-ipc-mac_address-privileged-read_only-shm_size-stdin_open-tty-user-working_dir">set in your Docker Compose file</a>). Defaults to the user the container as a whole is running as (often <code>root</code>).<br />
Updates are applied when VS Code is restarted (or the window is reloaded).</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>shutdownAction</code></td><td>enum</td><td>Indicates whether VS Code should stop the containers when the VS Code window is closed / shut down.<br />
Values are <code>none</code> and <code>stopCompose</code> (default).<br />
<br />
⚠️ Does not apply to Codespaces.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><strong>General</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>name</code></td><td>string</td><td>A display name for the container.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>extensions</code></td><td>array</td><td>An array of extension IDs that specify the extensions that should be installed inside the container when it is created. Defaults to <code>[]</code>.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>settings</code></td><td>object</td><td>Adds default <code>settings.json</code> values into a container/machine specific settings file.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>forwardPorts</code></td><td>array</td><td>An array of ports that should be forwarded from inside the container to the local machine.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>portsAttributes</code></td><td>object</td><td>Sets default properties for specific forwarded ports. Can use a port number, range, or a regular expression.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>otherPortsAttributes</code></td><td>object</td><td>Configure the behavior of any ports that aren’t configured using <code>portsAttributes</code>.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>postCreateCommand</code></td><td>string,<br />
array</td><td>A command string or list of command arguments to run <strong>inside</strong> the container after it is created. The commands execute from the <code>workspaceFolder</code> in the container. Use <code>&amp;&amp;</code> in a string to execute multiple commands. For example, <code>"yarn install"</code> or <code>"apt-get update &amp;&amp; apt-get install -y curl"</code>. The array syntax <code>["yarn", "install"]</code> will invoke the command (in this case <code>yarn</code>) directly without using a shell.<br />
It fires after your source code has been mounted, so you can also run shell scripts from your source tree. For example: <code>bash scripts/install-dev-tools.sh</code>. Not set by default.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>postStartCommand</code></td><td>string,<br />
array</td><td>A command string or list of command arguments to run when the container starts (in all cases). The parameters behave exactly like <code>postCreateCommand</code>, but the commands execute on start rather than create. Not set by default.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>postAttachCommand</code></td><td>string,<br />
array</td><td>A command string or list of command arguments to run after VS Code has attached to a running container (in all cases). The parameters behave exactly like <code>postCreateCommand</code>, but the commands execute on attach rather than create. Not set by default.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>waitFor</code></td><td>string,<br />
array</td><td>The user command to wait for before continuing execution in the background while the UI is starting up.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>initializeCommand</code></td><td>string,<br />
array</td><td>A command string or list of command arguments to run on the <strong>host machine</strong> before the container is created. The command executes from the <code>workspaceFolder</code> locally. The array syntax <code>["yarn", "install"]</code> will invoke the command (in this case <code>yarn</code>) directly without using a shell, but <strong>supports Windows/macOS/Linux path translation</strong>. The string syntax (<code>"yarn install"</code>) is better for simple commands.<br />
<br />
⚠️ The command is run wherever the source code is located on the host. For Codespaces, this is in the cloud.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>onCreateCommand</code></td><td>string,<br />
array</td><td>A command to run when creating the container. If this is a single string, it will be run in a shell. If this is an array of strings, it will be run as a single command without shell.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>userEnvProbe</code></td><td>enum</td><td>Indicates the type of shell VS Code should use to “probe” for user environment variables to use by default while debugging or running a task: <code>none</code> (default), <code>interactiveShell</code>, <code>loginShell</code>, or <code>loginInteractiveShell</code>. Interactive shells will typically include variables set in <code>/etc/bash.bashrc</code> and <code>.bashrc</code> while login shells usually include variables from these “rc” files, <code>/etc/profile</code>, and <code>.profile</code>. The default is <code>none</code>, since the other modes can slow startup.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>devPort</code></td><td>integer</td><td>Allows you to force a specific port that the VS Code Server should use in the container. Defaults to a random, available port.</td></tr></tbody></table>

If you’ve already built the container and connected to it, be sure to run **Remote-Containers: Rebuild Container** or **Codespaces: Rebuild Container** from the Command Palette (`kbstyle(F1)`) to pick up the change.

### Formatting string vs. array properties

The format of certain properties will vary depending on the involvement of a shell.

`postCreateCommand`, `postStartCommand`, `postAttachCommand`, and `initializeCommand` all have an array and a string type, while `runArgs` only has the array type. An array is passed to the OS for execution without going through a shell, whereas a string goes through a shell (it needs to be parsed into command and arguments).

Using `runArgs` via a typical command line, you’ll need single quotes if the shell runs into parameters with spaces. However, these single quotes aren’t passed on to the executable. Thus, in your `devcontainer.json`, you’d follow the array format and leave out the single quotes:

    "runArgs": ["--device-cgroup-rule=my rule here"]

Rather than:

    "runArgs": ["--device-cgroup-rule='my rule here'"]

We can compare the string and the array versions of `postAttachCommand` as well. You can use the following string format, which will remove the single quotes as part of the shell’s parsing:

    "postAttachCommand": "echo foo='bar'"

By contrast, the array format will keep the single quotes and write them to standard out (you can see the output in the dev container log):

    "postAttachCommand": ["echo", "foo='bar'"]

## Variables in devcontainer.json

Variables can be referenced in certain string values in `devcontainer.json` in the following format: **${variableName}**. The following is a list of available variables you can use.

<table style="width:98%;"><colgroup><col style="width: 24%" /><col style="width: 21%" /><col style="width: 53%" /></colgroup><thead><tr class="header"><th>Variable</th><th>Properties</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr class="odd"><td><code>${localEnv:VARIABLE_NAME}</code></td><td>Any</td><td>Value of an environment variable on the <strong>host machine</strong> (in this case, called <code>VARIABLE_NAME</code>). Unset variables are left blank. To for example, this would set a variable to your local home folder on Linux / macOS or the user folder on Windows:<br />
<code>"remoteEnv": { "LOCAL_USER_PATH": "${localEnv:HOME}${localEnv:USERPROFILE}" }</code><br />
<br />
⚠️ For Codespaces, the host is in the cloud rather than your local machine.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>${containerEnv:VARIABLE_NAME}</code></td><td><code>remoteEnv</code></td><td>Value of an existing environment variable inside the container once it is up and running (in this case, called <code>VARIABLE_NAME</code>). For example:<br />
<code>"remoteEnv": { "PATH": "${containerEnv:PATH}:/some/other/path" }</code></td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>${localWorkspaceFolder}</code></td><td>Any</td><td>Path of the local folder that was opened in VS Code (that contains <code>.devcontainer/devcontainer.json</code>).<br />
<br />
⚠️ Not yet supported when using Clone Repository in Container Volume.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>${containerWorkspaceFolder}</code></td><td>Any</td><td>The path that the workspaces files can be found in the container.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>${localWorkspaceFolderBasename}</code></td><td>Any</td><td>Name of the local folder that was opened in VS Code (that contains <code>.devcontainer/devcontainer.json</code>).<br />
<br />
⚠️ Not yet supported when using Clone Repository in Container Volume.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>${containerWorkspaceFolderBasename}</code></td><td>Any</td><td>Name of the folder where the workspace files can be found in the container.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Lifecycle scripts

When creating and working with a dev container, you may need different commands to be run at different points in the container’s lifecycle. The table below has the properties that determine how the container is created and takes shape over time, in the order in which they are run (for example, `onCreateCommand` will run after `initializeCommand`).

<table style="width:99%;"><colgroup><col style="width: 43%" /><col style="width: 56%" /></colgroup><thead><tr class="header"><th>Property</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr class="odd"><td><code>initializeCommand</code></td><td>A command to run locally before anything else. If this is a single string, it will be run in a shell. If this is an array of strings, it will be run as a single command without shell.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>onCreateCommand</code></td><td>A command to run when creating the container. If this is a single string, it will be run in a shell. If this is an array of strings, it will be run as a single command without shell.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>updateContentCommand</code></td><td>Reserved for future scenarios where the source code may be updated sometime during the create process.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>postCreateCommand</code></td><td>A command to run after creating the container. If this is a single string, it will be run in a shell. If this is an array of strings, it will be run as a single command without shell.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>postStartCommand</code></td><td>A command to run after starting the container. If this is a single string, it will be run in a shell. If this is an array of strings, it will be run as a single command without shell.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>postAttachCommand</code></td><td>A command to run when attaching to the container. If this is a single string, it will be run in a shell. If this is an array of strings, it will be run as a single command without shell.</td></tr></tbody></table>

The `waitFor` property allows you to configure when the VS Code UI may connect to the dev container.

By default, the `waitFor` property is set to `updateContentCommand`. This allows you to use `onCreateCommand` or `updateContentCommand` for steps that must happen before VS Code connects while still using `postCreateCommand` for steps that can happen behind the scenes afterwards.

## Attached container configuration reference

[Attached container configuration files](/docs/remote/attach-container.md#attached-container-configuration-files) are similar to `devcontainer.json` and supports a subset of its properties.

<table style="width:98%;"><colgroup><col style="width: 34%" /><col style="width: 20%" /><col style="width: 44%" /></colgroup><thead><tr class="header"><th>Property</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr class="odd"><td><code>workspaceFolder</code></td><td>string</td><td>Sets the default path that VS Code should open when connecting to the container (which is often the path to a volume mount where the source code can be found in the container). Not set by default (an empty window is opened).</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>extensions</code></td><td>array</td><td>An array of extension IDs that specify the extensions that should be installed inside the container when it is created. Defaults to <code>[]</code>.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>settings</code></td><td>object</td><td>Adds default <code>settings.json</code> values into a container/machine specific settings file.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>forwardPorts</code></td><td>array</td><td>A list of ports that should be forwarded from inside the container to the local machine.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>remoteEnv</code></td><td>object</td><td>A set of name-value pairs that sets or overrides environment variables for VS Code (or sub-processes like terminals) but not the container as a whole. Environment and <a href="#variables-in-attached-container-configuration-files">pre-defined variables</a> may be referenced in the values.<br />
For example: <code>"remoteEnv": { "PATH": "${containerEnv:PATH}:/some/other/path" }</code></td></tr><tr class="even"><td><code>remoteUser</code></td><td>string</td><td>Overrides the user that VS Code runs as in the container (along with sub-processes like terminals, tasks, or debugging). Defaults to the user the container as a whole is running as (often <code>root</code>).</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><code>postAttachCommand</code></td><td>string,<br />
array</td><td>A command string or list of command arguments to run after VS Code attaches to the container. Use <code>&amp;&amp;</code> in a string to execute multiple commands. For example, <code>"yarn install"</code> or <code>"apt-get update &amp;&amp; apt-get install -y curl"</code>. The array syntax <code>["yarn", "install"]</code> will invoke the command (in this case <code>yarn</code>) directly without using a shell. Not set by default.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Variables in attached container configuration files

Variables can be referenced in certain string values in attached configuration files in the following format: **${variableName}**. The following table is a list of available variables you can use.

<table style="width:98%;"><colgroup><col style="width: 24%" /><col style="width: 21%" /><col style="width: 53%" /></colgroup><thead><tr class="header"><th>Variable</th><th>Properties</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr class="odd"><td><code>${containerEnv:VAR_NAME}</code></td><td><code>remoteEnv</code></td><td>Value of an existing environment variable inside the container (in this case, <code>VAR_NAME</code>) once it is up and running. For example: <code>"remoteEnv": { "PATH": "${containerEnv:PATH}:/some/other/path" }</code></td></tr></tbody></table>
